---
title: Minutes of Meeting (Dec 2, 2016)
slug: minutes-of-meeting-dec2
position: 5
---

# Minutes of Meetings (Dec 2, 2016)

**Date** December 2, 2016  
**Subject** Initially discussing the seminar at the Academy on promoting the profession of Technical Communicators.
**Attendees** Iva Koevska, Petra Lazarova, Desislava Mihaylova

## Agreements

* The suggested date for the seminar is January 17, 2017.
* The seminar will be held in Bulgarian.
* Whenever possible, ask questions, try to involve the students in discussions.

## Seminar Structure

The seminar will be divided into the following parts:    
* [Introduction](#introduction) (5 min)   
* [General Presentation](#general-presentation) (30 min)   
* [A Day in the Life](#a-day-in-the-life) (15 min)   
* Coffee Break (15 min)   
* [Exercises](#exercises) (60 min)
* [Recap](#recap) (5 min)

### Introduction

Start with questions to provoke feedback and debunk myths and correct misconceptions, if any. For example:    
* What is your perception of the job?
* What is technical documentation?
* What people do you think the Technical Writers are?

### General Presentation

The following slides will be included in the general presentation:     
1.	**Накратко**   
2.	**Какво е документация и защо е важна** (we could start with their input and share experience with them after that why this is a good/bad approach)   
3.	**Крайни продукти**   
4.	**Какво е за мен професията** (how each of us became a TW, what are the important aspects of the profession, what are the challenges and the skills required)    
5.	**Качествата и профилите зад професията**    

### A Day in the Life

Each of us to share her everyday experience.   

### Exercises

Let them work in groups and have 1 presentator.

We will stick to the following workflow:     
1.	Distribute handouts with the general guidelines on what good documentation is.   
2.	Follow up and discuss.     
3.	Promote the user-experience approach:      
   * **Feature** The smart coffee machine indicates when you have run out of coffee.     
   * **User perspective** How to make a cappuccino?   

Tasks:
1.  Task One: **How to prepare a cup of coffee?** (15 min work in groups/alone, 10 min discuss).    
    Or     
    Task One (alternative): **How to wash the dishes?** (15 min work in groups/alone, 10 min discuss).     
2.  Task Two: **How to prepare a cup of coffee with the smart coffee machine?** (20 min work in groups/alone, 10 min discuss).  

### Recap

Briefly draw on major points and sum up conclusions and fundamental approaches.

### To Do

|TASK                               |OWNER      |DEADLINE |STATUS    |
|:---                               |:---       |:---     |:---      |
|Think of a name for the seminar    |All three  |Monday noon, December 5       |Done  |
|Appoint the next meetup            |Desi       |Monday, December 5            |Done      |
|Create a Git repo to contain the TW resources for the seminar       |Desi     |Monday, December 5  |Done  |
|<p>Prepare the individual presentations:</p> <ol><li>What is to be a TW for me?</li> <li>What skills are required?</li> <li>What challenges are met?</li> <li>What does a day of my life as a TW look like?</li> <li>What is the common approach to write documentation?</li></ol> |All three  |Friday, December 9      |Not done |
|Prepare the general presentation   |Desi       |Friday, December 9  |Done |
|Send the basic structure of the seminar & the suggested date to the Academy   |Desi      |Monday afternoon, December 5  |Done  |
|Prepare the initial version of the handouts    |Iva       |Friday, December 9 |Not done  |
